Updated wheel_linux_x86_64.yml (#373)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* Upgrade Kokkos and Kokkos Kernels to 3.7.00, and improve sparse matrix-vector multiplication performance and memory usage.
[(#361)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/361)

> * Updated wheel_linux_x86_64.yml, installed GCC11 onto the building container, and updated the wheeler builder compiler to GCC 11 and g++ 11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update Linux (ubuntu-latest) architecture x86_64 wheel-builder from GCC 10.x to GCC 11.x.
```
